Temple of the Gods
You, a great master, should know
The Temple of the Gods is a constant pressure on major events
Temple of the Gods I know of course
But what is the Temple of the Gods Alliance?
presumptuous
It was created by those of us who came from the temples of the gods
Guard Outside the Temple of the Gods
Of course people like you are not qualified to enter
But how did I hear that people from the Temple of the Gods came out?
Have you all been in prison?
This dignified left prime minister
He actually went through the human fork too?
I beg you.
Stop contradicting the Buddha statue
Even if you don't think about yourself
Don't think about parents
Also think about emotions and Yaya, Dad
Pity the hearts of parents
Too bad the pool
Today is your day of death
It is the day of your Lu family's extinction
Since you said so
Then how can I not satisfy you?
I'll take care of you first.
Destroy the so-called Prime Minister's Mansion with your own hands
speak out
A mere master without initiative
How dare you be smaller than me?
You're too noisy.
Hey kill me
Or be beaten to death by me
Hahaha, okay, okay.
Ben Xiang has been fine for a long time
The world has forgotten my divinity, right?
Then you go to hell.